everyone my name is Charlie it's
November sixth Friday and if you're
watching this video because of the title
of it or because of some of the tags
that that I linked with it then I
apologize for being deceitful thinking
you to watch this video but the fact of
the matter is I think that the time has
run out
in this country to be pussyfooting
around with trying to wake people up you
know as a matter of fact I have 1,800
subscribers I have 2,000 people watch
this video you know maybe by Meeny
tricking you with a title or with tags
maybe it'll make another one or two
people up and that would be worth it but
the fact is you know I'm running out of
faith in my fellow American and the
reason is simple
we have thousands upon thousands people
show up at town halls protesting health
care debate it's to no avail here we are
a couple months later they're going to
pass the thing tomorrow 70% of this
country does not want Congress to mess
with their health care we have millions
of people show up this summer in
Washington and the mainstream media
won't even cover you know you got to
hunt and find to find the story and then
when you do find it somebody's being
disparaging about the people who are out
there calling them tea baggers or
terrorists or it wackos right-wing
wackos and the fact of the matter is the
people that I know in this movement are
libertarian they're white black gay
straight man woman they are people who
love Liberty want Liberty and they want
the federal government to get the hell
out of their business we've been told
that economic recovery is at hand and
the number one leading indicator of that
is the Dow Jones 30 companies on the Dow
Jones your mood is probably affected by
where the market closes tonight at least
the television tells you that it's good
there's over 10,000 points but the fact
of the matter is everything that every
metric that you can track is
worse right now than it was last year
before the bailouts happened I know
that's hard to believe because you don't
tune into YouTube or you don't check
other alternative media sources to get
your facts you keep it on Fox Business
you keep it on CNBC you keep it on MSNBC
or even you keep it on just to any old
news channel and you'll get drips and
drabs of economic information from paid
spokesman who read a teleprompter who's
motivated by purchasing by the consumer
economy the 70% of the economy that
drives this nation and if they have to
get on there and say consumer consumer
sentiment is rising the GDP is
increasing that green shoots are
abounding they're going to do it because
their livelihood depends on it the fact
is nothing could be further from the
truth this time last year we were
sitting at six point seven percent
unemployment we were promised a trillion
dollar stimulus package written by for
special interest would save us all and
we never see 8% today at top 10.2% with
the government's official numbers in
2007 November we had 27 million people
on food stamps one year later it was a
31 million right now it's a 36 million
36 million people equates to almost a
third of this nation on food stamps
reliant on the federal government for
food stamps in the early 1970s the
average high paid CEO top CEO of this
nation made forty five times what the
average worker made in this nation I
know that sounds like a lot a big
difference but it's nothing when you
compare what top CEO is make today
almost seventeen hundred times what the
average worker makes why is that
important because that's where your
wealth is going these absolute criminal
failures okay and I don't know how to
make it in any plainer and any stronger
than that these elite failures have been
bailed out they've been saved they've
been
rescued at your expenses twenty-three
point seven trillion dollars and let me
tell you this isn't a Democrat this
isn't a Republican this isn't a
conservative or a liberal issue this is
a shadow government running this nation
siphoning the wealth out of this nation
they controlled both parties and this is
the Federal Reserve along with the bank
stirs on wall street who runs this vent
who runs this shadow government
these people aren't elected they never
go away they're always there and they're
in control of your future and your
destiny guys I beg you I beg you to
check the information out in this video
I beg you to verify for yourself I'd beg
you to turn off your television there
yet blow up your television throw it off
the deck it's leading you to disaster
sixty point increase in Wall Street
equates in my mind to a hundred percent
guarantee of your poverty-ridden
future as the economy continues to
unravel and this system continues to
unwind and things get worse and worse
and the truth can't be hidden in longer
it is me physically mentally emotionally
spiritually prepared we're gonna survive
this you don't have to pretend you don't
have to they dream that think what this
is going to look like to figure out what
the scenarios could be what you need to
do is look at history and you can look
at recent history look at the Soviet
Union when their currency collapse and
their economy collapse that's what we're
going to go through but on a much larger
scale because we are the world's reserve
currency
we are the empire of the world we are
the one in 180 countries with military
presence and when this system comes
apart and it will it's going to be a
dramatic cliff dive in standard of
living
I'm gonna put a list in the information
link of other youtubers who are giving
out information and trying to wake
people up and I implore you to check
them out and I implore you to question
what I've said and I implore you to do
the research on your own wake up before
it's too late
the events of the last few days mass
shootings in Texas and in Florida those
are a warm-up when people really wake up
and they realize they've been deceived
by the people that they've sent to
Washington to represent them when they
realize that these people are bought and
paid for and have no interest in helping
the average American because to them
you're nothing more than three hundred
and six million head of cattle that need
to be dealt with
wake up America oh my god